DELL SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT

This is a legal agreement between you, the user, and Dell Products, L.P 
("Dell").  This agreement covers all software that is distributed with the 
Dell product, for which there is no separate license agreement between you 
and the manufacturer or owner of the software (collectively the 
"Software").  This agreement is not for the sale of Software or any other 
intellectual property.  All title and intellectual property rights in and 
to Software is owned by the manufacturer or owner of the Software.  All 
rights not expressly granted under this agreement are reserved by the 
manufacturer or owner of the Software.  By opening or breaking the seal on 
the Software packet(s), installing or downloading the Software, or using 
the Software that has been preloaded or is embedded in your product, you 
agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement.  If you do not agree to 
these terms, promptly return all Software items (disks, written materials, 
and packaging) and delete any preloaded or embedded Software.

You may use one copy of the Software on only one computer at a time.  If 
you have multiple licenses for the Software, you may use as many copies at 
any time as you have licenses.  "Use" means loading the Software in 
temporary memory or permanent storage on the computer.  Installation on a 
network server solely for distribution to other computers is not "use" if 
(but only if) you have a separate license for each computer to which the 
Software is distributed.  You must ensure that the number of persons using 
the Software installed on a network server does not exceed the number of 
licenses that you have.  If the number of users of Software installed on a 
network server will exceed the number of licenses, you must purchase 
additional licenses until the number of licenses equals the number of 
users before allowing additional users to use the Software.  If you are a 
commercial customer of Dell or a Dell affiliate, you hereby grant Dell, or 
an agent selected by Dell, the right to perform an audit of your use of 
the Software during normal business hours, you agree to cooperate with 
Dell in such audit, and you agree to provide Dell with all records 
reasonably related to your use of the Software.  The audit will be limited 
to verification of your compliance with the terms of this agreement.

The Software is protected by United States copyright laws and international
treaties.  You may make one copy of the Software solely for backup or 
archival purposes or transfer it to a single hard disk provided you keep 
the original solely for backup or archival purposes.  You may not rent or 
lease the Software or copy the written materials accompanying the Software,
but you may transfer the Software and all accompanying materials on a 
permanent basis  as part of a sale or transfer of the Dell product if you 
retain no copies and the recipient agrees to the terms hereof.  Any 
transfer must include the most recent update and all prior versions.  
You may not reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble the Software.  
If the package accompanying your computer contains compact discs, 3.5" 
and/or 5.25" disks, you may use only the disks appropriate for your 
computer.  You may not use the disks on another computer or network, or 
loan, rent, lease, or transfer them to another user except as permitted 
by this agreement.

LIMITED WARRANTY

Dell warrants that the Software disks will be free from defects in 
materials and workmanship under normal use for ninety (90) days from the 
date you receive them.  This warranty is limited to you and is not 
transferable.  Any implied warranties are limited to ninety (90) days from 
the date you receive the Software.  Some jurisdictions do not allow limits 
on the duration of an implied warranty, so this limitation may not apply 
to you.  The entire liability of Dell and its suppliers, and your exclusive
remedy, shall be (a) return of the price paid for the Software or 
(b) replacement of any disk not meeting this warranty that is sent with a 
return authorization number to Dell, at your cost and risk. This limited 
warranty is void if any disk damage has resulted from accident, abuse, 
misapplication, or service or modification by someone other than Dell.  
Any replacement disk is warranted for the remaining original warranty 
period or thirty (30) days, whichever is longer.

Dell does NOT warrant that the functions of the Software will meet your 
requirements or that operation of the Software will be uninterrupted or 
error free.  You assume responsibility for selecting the Software to 
achieve your intended results and for the use and results obtained from 
the Software.

DELL, ON BEHALF OF ITSELF AND ITS SUPPLIERS, DISCLAIMS ALL OTHER 
WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED 
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, FOR 
THE SOFTWARE AND ALL ACCOMPANYING WRITTEN MATERIALS.  This limited 
warranty gives you specific legal rights; you may have others, which 
vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction.

IN NO EVENT SHALL DELL OR ITS SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES 
WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF BUSINESS 
PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF BUSINESS INFORMATION, OR OTHER 
PECUNIARY LOSS) ARISING OUT OF USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE SOFTWARE, EVEN 
IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.  Because some jurisdictions 
do not allow an exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or 
incidental damages, the above limitation may not apply to you.

U.S. GOVERNMENT RESTRICTED RIGHTS

The software and documentation are "commercial items" as that term is 
defined at 48 C.F.R. 2.101, consisting of "commercial computer software" 
and "commercial computer software documentation" as such terms are used in 
48 C.F.R. 12.212.  Consistent with 48 C.F.R. 12.212 and 48 C.F.R. 
227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4, all U.S. Government end users acquire the 
software and documentation with only those rights set forth herein.  
Contractor/manufacturer is Dell Products, L.P., One Dell Way, Round Rock, 
Texas 78682.

GENERAL

This license is effective until terminated.  It will terminate upon the 
conditions set forth above or if you fail to comply with any of its terms. 
Upon termination, you agree that the Software and accompanying materials, 
and all copies thereof, will be destroyed.  This agreement is governed by 
the laws of the State of Texas.  Each provision of this agreement is 
severable.  If a provision is found to be unenforceable, this finding 
does not affect the enforceability of the remaining provisions, terms, or 
conditions of this agreement. This agreement is binding on successors and 
assigns.  Dell agrees and you agree to waive, to the maximum extent 
permitted by law, any right to a jury trial with respect to the Software 
or this agreement.  Because this waiver may not be effective in some 
jurisdictions, this waiver may not apply to you.  You acknowledge that you 
have read this agreement, that you understand it, that you agree to be 
bound by its terms, and that this is the complete and exclusive statement 
of the agreement between you and Dell regarding the Software.
